The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
"Number to Pass 1st Test
100 People"
The first hundred to fulfill
the requirements will pass.
"1st Test Rules"
The examinee will put three
of these targets on his or her body.
They can go anywhere
as long as it's an exposed area.
You can't put them on the
soles of your feet or in your armpits.
You will also have six of these balls.
The targets are made to only
light up if they're hit by these balls,
and if all three of your
targets light up, then you're out.
"Fail"
The person who lights up your third
target will have it count as their defeat.
You get through this round
by defeating two people.
I believe you all have terrain
that you like and dislike.
Use your Quirks well and do your best.
The 62nd person has passed.
After another 38, it'll be over.
"Yo Shindo - Quirk: Vibrate"
Let's sum up the situation
so we're all on the same page.
During the beginning of the first test,
"Tremoring Earth"
we focused on U.A., chipping off
their assets and splitting them up.
Currently, we have split into two groups,
going after the split-up U.A.
A number of schools have jumped
in to take advantage of that.
Now, in the final stages of the test,
they have started fighting.
The current progress of fighting is chaotic.
"Tatami Nakagame - Quirk: Telescopic"
Your splitting the field
had the opposite effect, then...
I was rushing, too, but
if you think about it,
the result is really excellent.
If I were given eight
hours to chop down a tree,
I would spend the first
six hours sharpening my axe.
Right now, all they can think
about is the number of slots left,
so they're panicking and rushing out,
using up a lot of stamina.
They're focusing on U.A.,
since they have the most intel on them,
so we can hide in the corner and
watch as they narrow their field of view.
That's the current situation.
You've finally taken off your polite face.
You're so sneaky, Yo.
Call me tactful instead.
Well, coming in at the eleventh hour,
whether in a rush or with a plan,
is the sign of an indomitable spirit.
All the people here right now are
struggling to grasp their dreams and ideals.
There are no high or low
ranks in that struggle.
U.A. High School. I respect the school.
I take pride that we are counted as equals.
However, you lot continuously act
in ways that cause its dignity to decline.
He's gonna do that thing again!
That gross thing!
Shut up!
Obligation?
Dignity?
You just won't stop talking...
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Show us with your actions,
not your mouth, sir.
Especially you, Bakugo!
AP Shot: Auto-Cannon!
I made it weaker to use
against people, though.
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
Man, everyone hates you for the same reason!
Damn it, I cannot believe I fell for it.
Those gross things scattered
around... are going back?!
A mentality that reacts
impulsively to a simple provocation...
That is something that depends
solely on how proud a person is.
In that case, I will break him myself
and make him understand...
Behavior befitting the school one
belongs to is what it means to be dignified.
What's with this guy?
He talks too much.
I'll kill him!
Hey, wait! Don't forget that this is a test!
That's why I'll kill him!
Absurd!
Man, this fight isn't going anywhere!
I'll finish this up fast!
Projectiles?
Aw, crap!
You're an eyesore.
Shall I shape you into a ball first?
Don't ignore me!
I'm not, though.
Huh?
Earlier, I had a piece of my flesh from
under this elevated structure go around.
You saw earlier with Kirishima, didn't you?
If it touches you, that's the end.
Bakugo!
Hey, idiot! Here!
Pathetic. You should
start again from scratch.
"Gah"
"Seiji Shishikura - Quirk: Meatball"
Shiketsu High School, second
year, Seiji Shishikura.
Quirk: Meatball!
He can change flesh by massaging it.
For someone else's flesh,
he can only knead it and make it round,
but he can do a lot more with his own flesh.
He can cut it off and manipulate it
or gather it up and make a big piece!
It seems pretty handy!
No way...
This is a demonstration of power.
This test has an unusually low passing rate.
Since All Might has retired,
and we have reached a turning point,
wouldn't it normally be appropriate
to increase the number of heroes?
Namely, what this implies is that
they are weeding out the riffraff.
We can surmise that they
are starting to be more selective
in order to bring the profession
of hero to a higher level.
I wish to support that,
so I am removing you folks now.
You're ignoring the test to do that?
That's strange!
What's strange is for ordinary
people to grow apace in the world.
By the way, their senses, including their sense
of pain, will work as normal even in this form.
So your electricity will
hurt everyone, Denki Kaminari.
You've pretty much just been
slinging insults this whole time, huh?
It hurts, so I wish you'd stop.
That's because you have some self-awareness.
I hope it will cause you
to reflect on your actions.
I wasn't talking about myself!
An explosion?
But I made Bakugo into a ball!
Bakugo's equipment?!
He can put ingredients for an
explosion in to make a simple grenade!
He told me about it angrily before,
when I asked him if they were there for fashion.
He gave it to him back then?
By the way, sir...
...you stumbled over to a great spot.
Sharpshooting?
I can't really manipulate electricity,
so it's hard to fight with other people.
I wondered if I could
do something about it...
I have prepared the items you wanted--
A pointer and shooter.
It's a baby we collaborated on!
If you shoot with the
pointer set to "Shooter,"
then it'll stick to the point of impact.
As long as it's within
ten meters of the pointer,
then your electricity will be
gathered into a single line.
If you have multiple targets,
then you can use the dial to select them,
and you can use the attached glass
to figure out exact locations.
Will it require more thinking...?
Thumbs up.
But with this, I can use my Quirk
without hitting everyone around me.
I know, Bakugo.
The reason you stopped the opponent's
attacks with your smaller-ranged new move
rather than a big explosion was
so you wouldn't hit me or Kirishima,
who was on the ground.
Sir, Bakugo might seem vulgar, but he's
actually trying really hard to be a hero.
Throwing that grenade to me in an instant
was a result of his calm judgment of how
to break the deadlock, don't you think?
And Kirishima is such a good guy that he'd
rush into enemy territory for his friends,
even though it was a dumb thing to do.
Shoot! I loosened my hold for a second.
You've only heard bits and
pieces of information about these guys,
so don't insult them
thinking you know who they are!
I'm telling you to be more aware
of your position, you moron!
Depending on the amount
of damage, it gets released, huh?
No wonder he was only
using long-distance attacks.
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
Thanks, Kaminari!
What took you so long, Dunce Face?!
That's so mean!
No wonder people keep dissing you!
Wait, behind you!
You guys weren't the only ones he balled up!
I know.
We're currently at 70 people.
It'll be over after another 30.
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
The other people in class aren't coming.
Was it too hard with
their Quirks known, after all?
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
Todoroki, you passed!
Didn't expect any less.
What about the others?
They haven't come yet.
I was the first, and then you all.
I see. They're not here yet, huh?
Weren't you all working together?
We were, but we got split up by the
Quirk of someone from Ketsubutsu Academy...
Thirty people left...
I hope everyone can pass...
"Inasa Yoarashi - Quirk: Whirlwind"
Sero!
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
Midoriya, carry me and jump!
Huh?
Just do it!
Okay, Uraraka!
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
Release!
Wha--?!
T-Tape?!
They stuck it to debris and threw it, huh?
Damn it!
I gave some tape to Uraraka
and had her set some traps.
I did say as many as possible,
but... that's so bold...
In order to make sure no one was
in a position to be hit by the debris,
I hid and figured out the timing!
Currently, 76 people have passed.
We will be at capacity soon.
We don't have much time, and I'm sure
others will come attack us soon, too.
Let's take these, guys.
You guys are first years, right?
Give us a break!
We've gotta get our
provisional licenses this time around!
I do, too.
"Tenya Iida"
"Quirk: Engine"
"He can run very fast using the engines in his calves."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 8/22"
"Height: 179 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Beef Stew"
"Yuga Aoyama"
"Quirk: Navel Laser"
"He can shoot a strong laser beam from his bellybutton."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 5/30"
"Height: 168 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Himself"
We're at 79 people.
We're moving fast at a good pace.
Wow, the response is super fast!
Those who have passed
should go to the anteroom.
What about the others?
"Heroes Public Safety
Commission - Yokumiru Mera"
Those boys and girls'
youthfulness is just gushing up, huh?
The battle royale... is normal,
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
but this time, we've got an unusual pattern.
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
U.A., which is heavily targeted each time,
still hasn't had anyone taken out.
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
That's--
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
Aoyama!
Iida, are you alone?
What a coincidence. So am I.
I've been trying to help those
in Class A as much as I can.
A number of us gathered in one place,
and I came out to look for others.
Does that mean you're
running around by yourself?
Yup.
You're so weird.
How do you know who's still left?
What'll you do if everyone
left you behind and passed already?
But I found you, didn't I?
If everyone else passed
first, then that's good!
I am Class A's representative.
I'm in a position to lead the class.
As long as time and energy allow,
I want to serve the class.
That's what my brother would've done.
My actions are also the shape of my dream.
"The shape of my dream"...
Even so, I do want to get
my provisional license.
The test is nearing the final stages...
I'll continue my search
on my way to getting it.
Please work with me!
Now, we had three people pass in succession,
--bringing the total to 82,
which means there are 18 spots left.
--They're fighting all over the place.
Oh? Hey, that's Sero and the others!
All right! Amazing! Whoo!
Kaminari!
All right! All right! All right!
You passed, huh? Deku, you damn bastard...
Kacchan...!
Um, yeah...
It feels like it's been a while...
Ever since Kamino, he's come
at me even less than before...
With the power you've got, it's only natural.
Huh?!
Kacchan... just now, to me...?!
You've made what you borrowed your own, huh?
One day, I will make this Quirk my own
and beat you with my own power!
Kacchan...
Everyone, I'm glad you
are all safe! I was so worried.
Yao-momo, we're safe, we're safe.
Man, you guys were pretty fast!
We also just finished.
Todoroki was the fastest.
I thought Bakugo would
definitely also be here already,
but I see, it was because
you were with him, Kaminari.
What?! You should fix that part of you!
Ochaco, the key to take off
the targets is in the back.
They said to put them on the
return shelf with the ball bags.
Thanks, Tsu. I'll do that.
That makes eleven from Class A, huh?
Nine more to go.
The announcement
said there were 18 spots left...
Everyone...
I'll take you!
Aoyama!
Damn it!
There's two of us.
In the middle of this war,
it'll be hard to survive now, Iida!
What are you saying?
Anyone can give up! Let's do our best!
No, that's not it...
Wow!
We'll be hit by stray shots!
Damn it, there's no time!
What should we do?!
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
"Pro Hero - Ms. Joke - Quirk: Outburst"
Okay, eight people just passed all at once!
There are ten spots left!
Oh, the eight were from my class!
Look, they're heading to the anteroom.
It's Shindo and the others.
Good job!
Ten people left...
In Class A...
...there are still nine people left...
It might be impossible
for all of us to pass at this point...
As long as time and energy allow,
I want to serve the class.
That's what my brother would've done.
My actions are also the shape of my dream.
"The shape of my dream"...
Papa! Maman!
Why am I different from everyone else?
Wh-What?!
What are you doing?
Wait, seriously, what are you doing?
I'm standing out!
You really are!
No, that's not what I mean!
If you protect me, we'll both be taken down.
I'm standing out, and two of
my targets have already been taken out.
I'll be out after one more.
I'll do it for you.
Get behind those who're coming
to get me while I'm standing out.
With your speed, you can
do it yourself, right?
What are you saying all of a sudden?
It might sound sudden, but...
"The shape of my dream"...
I always wanted to be an equal...
They'll be here soon. Get ready!
But...!
Hurry up! Hurry!
Wh-What's that?
Pigeons?!
Ow! Ow!
This is...
"Koji Koda - Quirk: Anivoice"
Birds, continue to circle that area!
Black Abyss!
Covert Black-Ops Arms!
Wh-What?!
What the heck?!
Damn it!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Get the ones you can first!
Before they get you!
Oh, everyone!
It's U.A.!
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
Warp Refraction: Say Cheese!
Argh, my eyes!
I'm going first!
Me too!
Two more have passed! Eight left!
Hey...
Why...?
Everyone was panicking and getting careless--
Friend and foe alike were all mixed up,
and we couldn't see anything around us!
But we were able to see your
bellybutton laser and meet up again!
Now, let's do it!
Seven left!
Sorry.
Six left!
Five left!
They just keep coming!
In the final minutes, U.A. came together
and pulled off some great combos to pass!
There were that many of you left?
I did it!
Four left!
All right!
Three left!
Oh, we've got one from
Shiketsu High right now, so two left!
"Camie Utsushimi"
Aoyama! I don't know
what you want to be equal with,
because I don't know what
you're measuring yourself up against...
...but this was thanks to you!
Thank you!
Well, that means that
my twinkle won't stop, huh?
Yeah, probably!
I don't really know, though!
And zero!
One hundred people!
All the spots just filled up!
The end! Whoo-hoo!
All right!
Everyone in U.A. passed the first test!
Amazing! This is amazing!
Ribbit, ribbit!
Oh, good...
Yeah.
And now, unfortunately,
those who failed will have to withdraw.
Everyone, please leave promptly.
Jeez, you all made me nervous.
Once we get back, you'll have to train more.
You're happy, aren't you?
Act it!
I'm mad.
Your legs look like they're bouncing happily.
No, they aren't.
What?! Shishikura failed?!
You're too loud.
"Nagamasa Mora"
It's because that violently passionate guy
went ahead of us and fought alone!
You two, too!
Setting aside the first-year, Yoarashi...
Camie! You should know better!
Yes, sir...
Well, for all hundred of you
who passed the first test,
please watch this.
It's the field...
I wonder what's going to happen?
Why?!
Th-This is...
The next test will be the last one.
We will have you all undertake rescue
exercises as bystanders in this disaster site.
Rescue...!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
The final screening is saving people
who need to be saved at a disaster site.
The provisional license and this test--
All of it is for what I want to become--
The shape of my dream!
Next time, "Rescue Exercises"!
"Next time: Rescue Exercises"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!